so good
Star Wars for psychic sailing Saluja
Vega a week ago tonight showed it in
Star Wars Star Wars sigh you know Jetta
so much bigger three now reach out what
I see
like darkness
and something else
it's calling me
resistant ray
you must have a thousand questions wires
really something inside me is awake I
need help
we are Sparkle
that'll light the fire bring the first
daughter down
I was raised to fight
but his first time as something to fight
for
your animatronics puppetry physical
effects
yeah looks fantastic this is a little
evolution of the crystal fox
[Music]
we'll do a combination of a hand puppet
there'll be animatronics in the face
and then we will make a perfect version
for CG I will then scan it to be able to
bring her to life in any way that Ryan
wants
[Music]